but more than good I am very thank you for
watch this video good more today
I'm going to present this makeup that
I think it's perfect for this
Spring is super simple and is cover
the makeup of the eyes on Instagram
and many of you liked it and good
because it made me perfect for this
spring that is something that I repeat very
simple very natural and I think that is
perfect you can change in the
life to the color that you want because
that's going to give you more life a little bit
more natural a little stronger
you can play with the lipsticks
but I think everything together as well as
it stayed super well as it was
I also stayed and I hope that
like you, let's see the
video
using the easy or basic color of
citi color number 4 and I'm going to apply the
color like vanilla all over the eyelid
mobile
from the same quartet I will use the
coffee color more clarito than for me
it's like a brick color in everything in
the whole eye socket with a brush of
illuminator as you are seeing and as
the color halo it like out
to delineate the eyes I'm using
the eyeliner in color coffee and
well many of you ask me
how is it that I kid and talk more
detailed montse so everything would be
very fast very good as they see it
first thing I do is a line from the
half of my eye and I do it like a
little bit outside and up and then
like I make another line along with the
end of my eye and fill the parts that
they are without delineators
if I do not explain myself very well please
follow the video if it is helpful and
then I make another line of lacrimal
eye and not along with the first line that
He says
filling where there is no color and
perfected to make it look really cool
always super easy and more with this
eyeliner that is almost like a club
Now I'm going to apply some mascara on
the tabs above and also on the
lashes below is terrible I love
because it is against water and leaves
pretty separatist eyelashes so
the word is super father you what
I recommend
to give a look like juice cited
cool I do not know how he looks at the face of
apply a little blush
and to give more quality to the matter
has made a little illuminator in
the cheekbones also in the mosquito of the
nose and nose
arribita of the mouth locates in you
in the bathrooms I will occupy this lip
which is like a coral color , but as
I said at the beginning you can play
with the color of lips they want I think
that this color is perfect for
season I really like how it looks
and so the makeup remains the next
step is optional there is something that they want me
for are the nuggets the nuggets and
Do you really have freckles please do not you
those charged do not get the ones that look super
cute children with freckles look super
nice and good because I do not have
freckles I'm going to make up with a pencil
eyeliner in coffee color very clear
and I only do what they are like
publicized jose the pencil I take it and I do
as a circular movement has to
be very small so they do not look
false because obviously I do not want
look like chilindrina
just here as this touch of
I really like stamped papers
and obviously then you have to dry the
symmetry and that they looked pretty and everything
since you have them as well as where you
you want to have it look pretty cool
only what we are going to do to
give them a little more natural effect is
blur them with the yolk of our
fingers
obviously you are not going to erase them
we blend very well and in truth the
effect I like very much but
I repeat this is optional and if you have freckles
please do not cover them are super
pretty
and so it is like super nice extra is
super easy to do i hope i have you
liked and you encourage yourself to do it
ready been for today really
I hope you like it and that you are encouraged
do it already know that if so I sent a
photo to the social networks that the links
I leave them from the bottom and they
liked the video helped me a lot
sharing it with her friends with her
friends on their social networks and also
giving you I like if you subscribe to the
next button come on the little button
from here below you can see and youtube them
warn all the new videos that I'm going
going up and take a walk for my
Previous videos I hope you like it a lot
I am more and new in the next video
it can be a lot of hours I want